[DOCS-8037] Add info about OP quota processor name (#23295)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/processors/quota.md

As an example, you can configure this processor to drop new logs or trigger an alert without dropping logs after the processor has received 10 million events from a certain service in the last 24 hours.

To set up the quota processor:

> 1. Enter a name for the quota processor. The name is used to identify the quota across multiple Remote Configuration deployments of the Worker.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Enter a name for the quota processor. A pipeline uses the name to identify the quota across multiple Remote Configuration deployments of the Worker.
```

> 1. Enter a name for the quota processor. A pipeline uses the name to identify the quota across multiple Remote Configuration deployments of the Worker.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Enter a name for the quota processor. The pipeline uses the name to identify the quota across multiple Remote Configuration deployments of the Worker.
```
